#I am fast. To give you a reference point I am somewhere between a snake and a mongoose… And a panther.#Security in this office park is a joke. Last year I came to work with my spud-gun in a duffel bag. I sat at my desk all day with a rifle that shoots potatoes at 60 pounds per square inch. Can you imagine if I was deranged?#I grew up on a farm. I have seen animals having sex in every position imaginable. Goat on chicken. Chicken on goat. Couple of chickens doing a goat, couple of pigs watching.#Through concentration, I can raise and lower my cholesterol at will.#I come from a long line of fighters. My maternal grandfather was the toughest guy I ever knew. World War II veteran, killed twenty men, and spent the rest of the war in an Allied prison camp. My father battled blood pressure and obesity all his life. Different kind of fight.#As a volunteer Sheriff’s Deputy I’ve been doing surveillance for years. One time I suspected an ex-girlfriend of mine of cheating on me, so I tailed her for six nights straight. Turns out… she was. With a couple of guys actually, so… mystery solved.#And I did not become a Lackawanna County volunteer sheriff’s deputy to make friends. And by the way, I haven’t.#As a farmer I know that when an animal is sick sometimes the right thing to do is put it out of its misery. With the electricity we are using to keep Meredith alive, we could power a small fan for two days. You tell me what’s unethical.#I signed up for Second Life about a year ago. Back then, my life was so great that I literally wanted a second one. Absolutely everything was the same…except I could fly.#People say, ‘oh it’s dangerous to keep weapons in the home, or the workplace.’ Well I say, it’s better to be hurt by someone you know, accidentally, than by a stranger, on purpose.#I wish I could menstruate. If I could menstruate, I wouldn’t have to deal with idiotic calendars anymore. I’d just be able to count down from my previous cycle. Plus I’d be more in tune with the moon and the tides.#Once I’m officially Regional Manager, my first order of business will be to demote Jim Halpert. So I will need a new number two. My ideal choice? Jack Bauer. But he is unavailable. Fictional. And overqualified.#In the wild, there is no healthcare. Healthcare is “Oh, I broke my leg!” A lion comes and eats you, you’re dead. Well, I’m not dead, I’m the lion, you’re dead!#Now that I own the building I’m looking for new sources of revenue. And a daycare center? Muahahahahahahahaha…Well I guess it’s not an evil idea, it’s just a regular idea, but there’s no good laugh for a regular idea.#The principle is sound. To avoid illness, expose yourself to germs, enabling your immune system to develop antibodies. I don’t know why everyone doesn’t do this… Maybe they have something against living forever.#It’s never the person who you most suspect. It’s also never the person you least suspect since anyone with half a brain would suspect them the most. Therefore, I know the killer to be Phyllis… The person who I most medium suspect.#No, don’t call me a hero. Do you know who the real heroes are? The guys who wake up every morning and go into their normal jobs, and get a distress call from the Commissioner and take off their glasses and change into capes and fly around fighting crime. Those are the real heroes.#It’s a real shame because studies have shown that more information gets passed through water cooler gossip than through official memos. Which puts me at a disadvantage because I bring my own water to work.#Nothing stresses me out. Except having to seek the approval of my inferiors.#Why are all these people here? There are too many people on this earth. We need a new plague.#No, I disagree. “R” is one of the most menacing of sounds. That’s why they call it murder not ‘muckduck’.#Reject a woman, and she will never let it go. One of the many defects of their kind. Also, weak arms.#I don’t have a lot of experience with vampires, but I have hunted werewolves. I shot one once, but by the time I got to it, it had turned back into my neighbor’s dog.#In an ideal world, I would have all 10 fingers on my left hand so my right hand could just be a fist for punching.#You couldn’t handle my undivided attention.#I saw Wedding Crashers accidentally. I bought a ticket for “Grizzly Man” and went into the wrong theater. After an hour, I figured I was in the wrong theater, but I kept waiting. Cuz that’s the thing about bear attacks… they come when you least expect it.#Of course Martial arts training is relevant… Uh, I know about a billion Asians that would beg to differ… You know what, you can go to hell, and I will see you there. Burning!#There are a huge number of yeast infections in this county. Probably because we’re downriver from that old bread factory.#Whenever I'm about to do something, I think, 'Would an idiot do that?' And if they would, I do not do that thing.#I am better than you have ever been or ever will be.#Fortunately, my feelings regenerate at twice the speed of a normal man's.#People underestimate the power of nostalgia. Nostalgia is truly one of the greatest human weaknesses. Second only to neck.#I love catching people in the act. That's why I always whip open doors.#When someone smiles at me, all I see is a chimpanzee begging for its life.#People learn in lots of different ways, but experience is the best teacher.#Bread is the paper of the food industry. You write your sandwich on it.#Women are like wolves. If you want one you must trap it, snare it, tame it, feed it.#I always wondered how they picked the person to die. I’d be good at picking the person.#When my mother was pregnant with me, they did an ultrasound and found she was having twins. When they did another ultrasound a few weeks later, they discovered that I had adsorbed the other fetus. Do I regret this? No, I believe his tissue has made me stronger. I now have the strength of a grown man and a little baby.#When I die. I want to be frozen. And if they have to freeze me in pieces, so be it. I will wake up stronger than ever, because I will have used that time, to figure out exactly why I died. And what moves I could have used to defend myself better now that I know what hold he had me in.#Powerpoints are the peacocks of the business world; all show, no meat.#I am faster than 80% of all snakes.#All you need is love. False. The four basic human necessities are air, water, food, and shelter.#I train my major blood vessels to retract into my body on command. Also, I can retract my penis up into itself.#Did you know that the human thumb is formed by 15 interchangeable joints? Wrong. Don’t believe everything that people on television tell you.#There are 3 things you never turn your back on: bears, men you have wronged, and a dominant male turkey during mating season.#I do not fear the unknown. I will meet my new challenges head-on, and I will succeed, and I will laugh in the faces of those who doubt me.#Why tip someone for a job I’m capable of doing myself? I can deliver food. I can drive a taxi. I can, and do, cut my own hair. I did however, tip my urologist, because I am unable to pulverize my own kidney stones.#D.W.I.G.H.T – Determined, Worker, Intense, Good worker, Hard worker, Terrific.#A real man swallows his vomit when a lady is present.